STANFORD ACADEMIC SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR "scissors" SOFTWARE PACKAGE

1.	This is a legal agreement between you, RECIPIENT, and STANFORD UNIVERSITY.  
By accepting, receiving, and using "scissors", including any accompanying 
information, materials or manuals ("Program"), you are agreeing to be bound by 
the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not agree to the terms of this 
Agreement, promptly return the Program to the STANFORD.

2.	STANFORD grants to RECIPIENT a royalty-free, nonexclusive, and 
nontransferable license to use the Program furnished hereunder, upon the terms 
and conditions set out below.

3.	RECIPIENT acknowledges that the Program is a research tool still in the 
development stage and that it is being supplied as is, without any accompanying 
services, support or improvements from STANFORD.

4.	RECIPIENT agrees to use the Program solely for internal non-commercial 
purposes and shall not distribute or transfer it to another location or to any 
other person without prior written permission from STANFORD.

5.	RECIPIENT agrees not to reverse engineer, reverse assemble, reverse compile 
decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to create the source code for the 
Program. RECIPIENT acknowledges that any programs created based on the Program 
will be considered a derivative of Program and owned by STANFORD. 

6.	RECIPIENT may NOT make modifications to the Program.

7. 	If permission to transfer the Program is given, under Article 4 above, 
RECIPIENT warrants that RECIPIENT will not remove or export any part of the 
software or Program from the United States except in full compliance with all 
United States and other applicable laws and regulations.

8.	RECIPIENT will use the Program in compliance with all applicable laws, 
policies and regulations including, but not limited to, any approvals, informed 
consent and patient confidentiality principles.

9. 	RECIPIENT will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Stanford against any 
claim of any kind arising out of or related to the exercise of any rights 
granted under this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement by RECIPIENT.

10.	Title and copyright to the Program and any derivatives and any associated 
documentation shall at all times remain with STANFORD, and RECIPIENT agrees to 
preserve same.
